ANNAPURNA LABS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE USING SOFTWARE
FROM ANNAPURNA LABS. BY USING ANNAPURNA LABS SOFTWARE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ASSENT
TO AND ACCEPTANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE
READ AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS. AN INDIVIDUAL ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY
REPRESENTS THAT HE OR SHE HAS THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE
AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT, THEN YOU MUST NOT USE THE ANNAPURNA LABS SOFTWARE.

This Agreement is made and entered into by the Recipient and Annapurna Labs
(U.S.), Inc., (“Annapurna Labs”) a Delaware corporation having a principal
place of business at 1830 the Alameda, San Jose, CA 95126 USA. The Annapurna
Labs Software Agreement (“ALSLA”) governs the use of any of the software
releases by Annapurna Labs that include or refer to this license, and any
related updates, source code, appearance, structure and organization (the
"Software"), regardless of the delivery mechanism. Recipient shall use this
Software only on its own hardware products, which uses semiconductor devices
developed by or for Annapurna Labs (“Recipient’s Hardware Product”).

1. License Grant
Subject to the terms of this Agreement and including all restrictions below and
subject to Recipient’s payment of the license fees (if applicable) charged by
Annapurna Labs for the Software, Annapurna Labs grants to Recipient a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free licenses to
distribute and internally use the Software as set forth in Sections 1, 2 and 3.
The license granted in this Section is subject to the third party software
licenses and requirements as detailed in Section 4 (Third Party Software)
below, and the license granted herein shall not apply to any third party
software that is subject to a separate third party software license. Recipient
(a) shall not copy the Software, except for the purpose of using the Software
on its own system(s) and for its internal archive or emergency restart
purposes; (b) shall not disclose, provide, transfer or otherwise make available
the Software or documentation, or any portion thereof, to any person other than
Recipient or its employees or independent contractors without the prior written
consent of Annapurna Labs; (c) shall not perform any reverse compiling or
reverse engineering of the Software; and (d) shall take the same measures it
customarily utilizes to protect the confidential nature of its own proprietary
data to protect the confidential nature of such Software.

2. Limitations of Use
Recipient acknowledges that the Software includes commercially valuable,
substantial trade secrets of Annapurna Labs which are being entrusted to
Recipient in confidence and agrees to use the Software internally only and only
for the purpose of use with Recipient’s Hardware Product only, and Recipient
agrees not to disclose the Software to any third party except as expressly
authorized herein. Recipient further agrees that any disclosure or distribution
of the Software that is authorized herein (whether to a Recipient employee or
an authorized third party) shall be done subject to a written obligation of
confidentiality.  Recipient acknowledges and agrees that any use of the
Software to develop code for a semiconductor device not developed by or for
Annapurna Labs is a material breach of this Agreement and Recipient therefore
receives no right hereunder to do so.

3. Distribution Restrictions
Recipient may distribute the Software as
part of Recipient’s Hardware Product in binary format. Any distribution in
source requires written agreement from Annapurna Labs. Distribution of the
Software is subject to the following conditions:  (i) Recipient is solely
responsible to Recipient’s direct or indirect customers, distributors,
sub-distributors and End Users for any warranty, update or support obligations
or other liability which Recipient provides or which may arise from Recipient’s
distribution of the Software hereunder, (ii) Recipient shall not make any
statement that Recipient’s Hardware Product is "certified" or otherwise
endorsed, or that its performance is guaranteed, by Annapurna Labs, (iii)
Recipient shall not use Annapurna Labs’s name or trademarks to market
Recipient’s Hardware Product without Annapurna Labs’s written permission, and
(iv) Recipient shall indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Annapurna Labs
(including all of its officers, employees, directors, subsidiaries,
representatives, affiliates and agents) and Annapurna Labs’s suppliers and
licensors from and against any claims or lawsuits, including attorney's fees
and expenses, that arise or result from distribution of Recipient’s Hardware
Products or the Software pursuant to this Agreement.

4. Third Party Software
All third party software (e.g. - drivers, utilities, operating system
components, libraries, tools, etc.) which may be distributed with or as part of
the Software hereunder will be subject to the terms and conditions of any third
party licenses which may be supplied with such third party software or in the
end user documentation, and installation, use and/or further distribution by
Recipient or Recipient’s licensee will be subject to such third party licenses.
Some third party software and some of the Software components may be subject to
open source license provisions, and installation,
use and/or further distribution by Recipient or Recipient’s licensee of such
third party software and Software components are subject to the respective open
source license under which it is provided. The license agreement for each
software component is located in the software component's source code. This
agreement does not limit User's rights under, or grant User rights that
supersede, the license terms of any particular third party software. Annapurna
Labs expressly disclaims liability of any kind with respect to installation,
use or distribution by Recipient of third party software.

5. Intellectual Property Rights
The Software and all information relating thereto, regardless of its type of
form, remain the property of Annapurna Labs. The title and all applicable
rights in patents, patent applications, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets
and other intellectual property rights in the Software, and information
relating to the Software including any documentation, shall be and will remain
in Annapurna Labs.  This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder are
personal to Recipient and may not be assigned or otherwise transferred by
Recipient, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent
of Annapurna Labs, and any change of control of Recipient shall constitute an
assignment hereunder.  Any modifications made by licensee shall remain property
of Licensee. Annapurna Labs shall have no liability incidental or otherwise for
the changes made by licensee. Any code modifications submitted back to
Annapurna Labs shall become property of Annapurna Labs Corp and may be included
in subsequent versions of the software with no financial or other obligations
to the licensee.

6. Marketing
Recipient will provide Annapurna Labs with an advance copy of any written
publication or public presentation related to the use of the Software at least
one month prior to submission.  Any publication or public presentation related
to the use of the Software must be approved in writing by Annapurna Labs. At no
time may comparison with other solutions (semiconductor or software) be made or
authorized by Recipient without prior written consent obtained from Annapurna
Labs. Recipient agrees to reasonably consider joint marketing activities with
Annapurna Labs, including press releases, quotes for a Annapurna Labs press
release, and other related PR activity, which will be done only upon written
approval of both parties.

7. Term and Termination
Annapurna Labs may terminate this Agreement if the Recipient materially
breaches this Agreement, and fails to fully cure such breach within Fifteen
(15) days after notice of such breach is received by the Recipient.  Upon
termination, Recipient will immediately destroy the Software or return all
copies of the Software to Annapurna Labs and all rights hereunder shall
immediately terminate.

8. No Other Rights
ALL MATERIALS PROVIDED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT ARE DELIVERED TO, AND ACCEPTED BY
RECIPIENT “AS IS”.  NO WARRANTIES ARE GIVEN, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR
STATUTORY, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT AND TITLE.  RECIPIENT SHALL HAVE THE SOLE
RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ADEQUATE PROTECTION AND BACK-UP OF ITS DATA USED IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE PROVIDED HEREUNDER.  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE
THAT THE LICENSED MATERIALS HAVE NOT BEEN TESTED OR CERTIFIED BY ANY GOVERNMENT
AGENCY OR INDUSTRY REGULATORY ORGANIZATION OR ANY OTHER THIRD PARTY
ORGANIZATION. YOU AGREE THAT PRIOR TO USING, INCORPORATING OR DISTRIBUTING THE
LICENSED MATERIALS IN OR WITH ANY COMMERCIAL PRODUCT THAT YOU WILL THOROUGHLY
TEST THE PRODUCT AND THE FUNCTIONALITY OF THE LICENSED MATERIALS IN OR WITH
THAT PRODUCT AND BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY PROBLEMS OR FAILURES. IN NO
EVENT WILL ANNAPURNA LABS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER,
INCLUDING LOSS OF DATA OR USE, LOST PROFITS OR ANY INCIDENTAL OR SPECIAL
DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS LICENSE OR THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE, WHETHER IN ACTION OF CONTRACT OR TORT, INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE.  ANNAPURNA LABS FURTHER DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR
INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY.

9. Open Source Software Restrictions
Unless expressly permitted elsewhere in this license, Recipient may not combine
or distribute the Software with Open Source Software (as defined below) or with
software developed using Open Source Software (e.g., tools) in a manner that
subjects Annapurna Labs or any portion of the Software provided by Annapurna
Labs hereunder to any license obligations of such Open Source Software. "Open
Source Software" means any software licensed under terms requiring that other
software combined or distributed with such software: (i) be disclosed or
distributed in source code form; or (ii) be licensed on terms inconsistent with
the terms of this Agreement.

10. Support and Maintenance
Annapurna Labs has no obligation to support the Software under this Agreement.
Any support provided will be based on best effort.

11. Subcontractors
Recipient may provide access to the Software to subcontractors who perform work
solely on Recipient’s behalf, provided that: (i) Recipient will be liable for
any breach of this Agreement by such subcontractors; and (ii) such
subcontractors must agree in writing that they are subject to the terms of this
Agreement, that they may use the Software solely as necessary to perform their
work for Recipient, and they retain no license rights or other rights hereunder
once they have discontinued their performance of work on Recipient’s behalf.

12. Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between Recipient and Annapurna
Labs and supersedes any other oral or written agreements related to this
subject matter.  This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
accordance with the laws of the State of California, excluding its choice of
law rules.

